# Kickoff meeting notes

Hey All,

It was great to meet all of you today. At the end of this email you'll find the action items/plan discussed. If you would like to change any of these items or add new ones, reply to this email and let us know.

As for the product goal, right now its still unvalidated, but we should consider the entire user journey from when a user needs to find a local office to when they get to that office. Iâ€™ll think about this a little more over the next few days.

Some reasons a user might need to find a field office location include:
* As an SSA customer, I want to know where my nearest field office is located, so I can mail in documents to the nearest field office as SSA has asked.
* As an SSA customer, I need to verify a specific field office has the services I need, so I can make an in-office appointment at the correct field office.
* As an SSA customer, I need needs direction to a field office, so I can travel to the field office
* As an SSA customer, I need to know if a specific field office is open, so I can stop by an office during non-covid times.
* As an SSA customer, I need to know the field office phone number or fax number, so I can give the field office the information they need.
* As an SSA customer, I need to find other nearby field offices, so I can complete my task while my regular field office is closed.

As for design, I believe there are two different types of design system - UEF and USWDS. Right now the office locator lives on secure.ssa.gov, but could be linked to from the beta website. At this point, I need to find out more information about the future plans and which design system we should use. I'll get back to you all on that one. However, if we do use the USWDS, the USDS designers sent me a few mural boards - one from Sketch ( https://app.mural.co/t/usdigitalservice0135/m/usdigitalservice0135/1633553526375/ad4dc83f8dc5fbb8a4ecf37a0bd0543da9813fe1?sender=u804b46dd640388aef9797577 ) and one for the Drupal templates ( https://app.mural.co/t/usdigitalservice0135/m/usdigitalservice0135/1632409399536/14831da8c64ba0ce665accd06c0e858c87434666?sender=u804b46dd640388aef9797577 )


## Action Items
* Andy plans to build an office locator prototype by next Friday
* Jackie wanted time to provide feedback on prototype by Wednesday, 10/20
* Paul will have planned some sort of user research before Jackie gets back from vacation on 10/18
* Jackie will begin user research the Thursday after she gets back from vacation (10/21)
* Paul will email the ROOMS team about internal office location data by EOD 10/8
* Paul will connect with Eric on scope and capabilities by the end of the day
* Paul will reach out to field offices to gather data by 10/12
* ~~Paul will talk with Megan on how we could get some lightweight user research that doesn't take resources away from the beta website~~
* Paul to create a product goal for the office locator
